after M we take you live to Gaza that is
the head of the Gaza media office
speaking right now from hospital let's
listen in buried under the debris or
their dead bodies are scattered all
across Gaza streets denied any access by
paramedics by the Israeli forces more
than
12,300 were killed including more than
5,000 children 3,300 women the total
number of medical staff killed 200
doctors paramedics and nurse two
22 of the civil defense teams 56
journalists the last of
whom known renowned journalist may God
accept them all in his
Mercy the total number of injuries
exceeded 30,000 injuries 75% of them or
more are women and children the total
number of government instit tions
totally destroyed
95 in addition 260 school buildings
including 64 schools that totally out of
service the last of school programs were
that of Alura today as a result of which
more than 200 women children and men
were killed the total number of Mosk
totally destroyed it stands at 77
mosques the total number of MOS
partially
damaged 165 mosques in addition to three
churches as to the residential areas the
total number of residential units
totally leveled to the
ground exceeded
43,000 units in addition to 2 20 225,000
partially destroyed which means that 60%
of the entire residential units across
Gaza Strip were affected between those
totally destroyed and those partly
damaged and amid the intense
concentration on hospitals in
particular threatening medical Crews as
a result of the Israeli barbaric War 25
hospitals are totally out of service
plus 250 medical centers in addition to
55 ambulance vehicles
amid their war in hospitals the Israeli
occupation forces
yesterday pounded alwa elderly Hospital
in Al Zahra city which is home to more
than 60 disabled and elderly person as a
result of the shelling of this Hospital
the director of the hospital Dr mad M
was killed the Israeli occupation forces
continued their crimes on Wars today
after laying to the hospital for days
turning it into military Barrack
detention camp and mass grave this
morning more than 500 wounded and
patients were forced out exhausted by
their critical condition starvation and
thirst they were forced out at gun Point
left to meet their fate on the streets
despite the fact that they are in dire
need for extreme critical medical ATT
attention especially most of them are
with critical condition the Israeli
occupation forces are totally liable for
the safety and well-being of all those
inside the shifa hospital from victims
wounded patients medical staff including
the what is left of the
34 newborn babies the shifa hospital has
turned into detention Camp interrogation
Center uh military barracks and a mass
grave together with the Israeli
occupation forces the International
Community and the international
organization are equally held liable as
they fail to provide protection to
hospitals and medical facilities which
are required to be protected under the
international law we appeal to the World
free world free men worldwide the
international World organization to live
up to their
responsibilities to exercise maximum
pressure in order order to have ala
Hospital Broken Out of the Israeli
shackles and to remove the tanks
soldiers planes out of the vicinity of
the hospital with a Swift Delivery of
fuel in order to restore power in order
for these facilities to resume their
humanitarian and medical professional
duties we also call for the opening of
Rafa Crossing where the medical relief
Aid are delivered together with fuel
necessary required for hospitals as a
step for the Swift restoration at the
earliest time possible a statement by
the government
Bureau okay so that was uh is he's uh
from the Gaza media office speaking from
outside AA Hospital in Gaza giving an
update on the situation saying that
there have been more than 30,000
injuries so far since October the 7th
70%
of those injuries are women and children
according to him he said that all
schools are now out of service this
coming after the attack that we saw
earlier on uh this uh today on Alura un
run school that resulted in the killing
of at least 50 Palestinians uh that we
know of who were Sheltering there he
also did say that 25 hospitals are
totally out of service in the Gaza Strip
and he did speak about the AL shifa
Hospital complex and what had transpired
there over the past uh 12 hours or so he
said that Israeli forces has turned and
shifa into a military Barracks as well
as a detention center and patients who
were forced to leave were forced out at
gunpoint the uh Gaza media office
representative making an appeal as well
uh for the ra Crossing uh to be open as
soon as possible to allow humanitarian
Aid
in